README.md, before:

# **Kick The Jester**

A tossing game in Unity.

## *Getting Started*
1. Clone the repository and open the project with Unity
2. From the Unity Editor open any C# source file, so that the `.sln` gets generated correctly
3. Open the Asset Store in Unity and import all required Assets ([see list below](#*Unity_Asset_Store_Resources*))

**NOTE:** Paid Unity Asset Store plugins are not part of the repository for obvious reasons. You will have to import them manually.

### Starting the Project in Unity
Currently you can only start the project from the `Title` scene, because there are some critical items loaded, which do not get initialized in other scenes.

## Using FontAwesome in TextMesh Pro
[Unity Answers How To](https://answers.unity.com/questions/1434980/how-to-add-font-awesome-into-unity-using-textmesh.html)
For the custom range use 61440-62805

- - - -
# **Asset Sources & Credits**

## *Code*
* [Jonas Hartmann](https://github.com/jonashartmann)
* [Sebastian Maleck](https://github.com/SMaleck)


## *Original Assets*

**Backgrounds, Characters & Items**\
Drawn and animated by [Jiubeck](https://jiubeck.deviantart.com/)


## *Unity Asset Store Resources*
* [UniRx - Reactive Extensions for Unity](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/unirx-reactive-extensions-for-unity-17276)
* [TextMesh Pro](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/essentials/beta-projects/textmesh-pro-84126)
* [LeanTween](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/animation/leantween-3595)
* [Arrow Mobile UI for UGUI](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/gui/arrow-mobile-ui-for-ugui-64369)
* [2D Toon FX : Basic](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/vfx/particles/2d-toon-fx-basic-116228)


## *3rd Party Resources*

**Music by [Tristan Lohengrin](https://www.tristanlohengrin.fr/)**\
from [Royalty Free Soundtrack](https://tristanlohengrin.bandcamp.com/album/free-soundtrack)\
Licensed under Royalty Free License
* "Medieval Interlude"
* "Introduction Medieval"
* "Mairi Bhan Og"

**Sound Effects by [Noise For Fun](http://www.noiseforfun.com/)**\
Licensed under Creative Commons By Attribution 4.0

* [Throw 03](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2014-sound-effects/throw-03/)
* [Throw 04](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2014-sound-effects/throw-04/)
* [Throw 05](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2014-sound-effects/throw-05/)
* [Bump](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2013-sound-effects/bump/)
* [Cannon](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2012-sound-effects/cannon/)
* [Glitter](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2012-sound-effects/glitter/)
* [Dry Punch](www.noiseforfun.com/2012-sound-effects/dry-punch/)
* [Fireball](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2013-sound-effects/fireball/)

Commit message:

Adds starting hotkey to readme

README.md, after:

# **Kick The Jester**

A tossing game in Unity.

## *Getting Started*
1. Clone the repository and open the project with Unity
2. From the Unity Editor open any C# source file, so that the `.sln` gets generated correctly
3. Open the Asset Store in Unity and import all required Assets ([see list below](#*Unity_Asset_Store_Resources*))

**NOTE:** Paid Unity Asset Store plugins are not part of the repository for obvious reasons. You will have to import them manually.

### Starting the Project in Unity
The Game needs to be started from the `Title` scene, since this initialises the basic layers.
You can use the hotkey `CTRL + L` from anywhere to start the correct scene.

## Using FontAwesome in TextMesh Pro
[Unity Answers How To](https://answers.unity.com/questions/1434980/how-to-add-font-awesome-into-unity-using-textmesh.html)
For the custom range use 61440-62805

- - - -
# **Asset Sources & Credits**

## *Code*
* [Jonas Hartmann](https://github.com/jonashartmann)
* [Sebastian Maleck](https://github.com/SMaleck)


## *Original Assets*

**Backgrounds, Characters & Items**\
Drawn and animated by [Jiubeck](https://jiubeck.deviantart.com/)


## *Unity Asset Store Resources*
* [UniRx - Reactive Extensions for Unity](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/unirx-reactive-extensions-for-unity-17276)
* [TextMesh Pro](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/essentials/beta-projects/textmesh-pro-84126)
* [LeanTween](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/animation/leantween-3595)
* [Arrow Mobile UI for UGUI](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/gui/arrow-mobile-ui-for-ugui-64369)
* [2D Toon FX : Basic](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/vfx/particles/2d-toon-fx-basic-116228)


## *3rd Party Resources*

**Music by [Tristan Lohengrin](https://www.tristanlohengrin.fr/)**\
from [Royalty Free Soundtrack](https://tristanlohengrin.bandcamp.com/album/free-soundtrack)\
Licensed under Royalty Free License
* "Medieval Interlude"
* "Introduction Medieval"
* "Mairi Bhan Og"

**Sound Effects by [Noise For Fun](http://www.noiseforfun.com/)**\
Licensed under Creative Commons By Attribution 4.0

* [Throw 03](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2014-sound-effects/throw-03/)
* [Throw 04](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2014-sound-effects/throw-04/)
* [Throw 05](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2014-sound-effects/throw-05/)
* [Bump](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2013-sound-effects/bump/)
* [Cannon](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2012-sound-effects/cannon/)
* [Glitter](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2012-sound-effects/glitter/)
* [Dry Punch](www.noiseforfun.com/2012-sound-effects/dry-punch/)
* [Fireball](http://www.noiseforfun.com/2013-sound-effects/fireball/)
